TEP-0107:  propagate results to embedded task spec (#7100)
tektoncd/pipeline: docs/pipelineruns.md

then `test-task` will execute using the `sa-1` account while `build-task` will execute with `sa-for-build`.

#### Propagated Results

> When using an embedded spec, results from the parent `PipelineRun` will be

Author: thanks, and I modified these documents according to your suggestions

propagated to any inlined specs without needing to be explicitly defined. This
allows authors to simplify specs by automatically propagating top-level
results down to other inlined resources.

> **Result substutions will only be made for `name`, `commands`, `args`, `env` and `script` fields of `steps`, `sidecars`.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`Result` substitutions will only be made for `name`, `commands`, `args`, `env` and `script` fields of `steps`, `sidecars`.**
```

```yaml
apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1
kind: PipelineRun
metadata:
  name: uid-pipeline-run
spec:
  pipelineSpec:
    tasks:
    - name: add-uid
      taskSpec:
        results:
          - name: uid
            type: string
        steps:
          - name: add-uid
            image: busybox
            command: ["/bin/sh", "-c"]
            args:
              - echo "1001" | tee $(results.uid.path)
    - name: show-uid
      # params: 
      #   - name: uid
      #     value: $(tasks.add-uid.results.uid)
      taskSpec:
        steps:
          - name: show-uid
            image: busybox
            command: ["/bin/sh", "-c"]
            args:
              - echo
              # - $(params.uid)
              - $(tasks.add-uid.results.uid)
```

> On executing the pipeline run, the results will be interpolated during resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On executing the `PipelineRun`, the `Results` will be interpolated during resolution.
```

```yaml
Name:         uid-pipeline-run-show-uid
API Version:  tekton.dev/v1
Kind:         TaskRun
Metadata:
  ...
Spec:

>   Task Spec:

Author: done~
